DOC: add note for to_file method when saving multiple GeoSeries (#2878)
geopandas/geopandas: doc/source/docs/user_guide/io.rst

    can be easily stored in the GeoDataFrame, but saving them to e.g. GeoPackage or Shapefile will raise a ValueError.
    Before saving to a file, they need to be converted to a format supported by a selected driver.

.. note::

>     One GeoDataFrame can contain multiple geometry (GeoSeries) columns, but most standard GIS file formats e.g. GeoPackage or Shapefile, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    One GeoDataFrame can contain multiple geometry (GeoSeries) columns, but most standard GIS file formats, e.g. GeoPackage or ESRI Shapefile, 
```

>     do not support multiple geometry fields. To store multiple geometry columns, they need to be converted to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    support only a single geometry column. To store multiple geometry columns, non-active GeoSeries need to be converted to 
```

>     One GeoDataFrame can contain multiple GeoSeries objects, but most of the file format e.g. GeoPackage or Shapefile, 
>     can't contain multiple geometry fields and raise ValueError. Before saving to a file, they need to be converted to 
>     other types like WKT or WKB.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    One GeoDataFrame can contain multiple geometry (GeoSeries) columns, but most standard GIS file formats e.g. GeoPackage or Shapefile, 
    do not support multiple geometry fields. To store multiple geometry columns, they need to be converted to 
    other an alternate representation like WKT or WKB before saving to file. Alternatively, they can be saved as an Apache (Geo)Parquet / Feather file which support multiple geometry columns directly.
```

>     other an alternate representation like WKT or WKB before saving to file. Alternatively, they can be saved as an Apache (Geo)Parquet / Feather file which support multiple geometry columns directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   an alternative representation like well-known text (WKT) or well-known binary (WKB) before saving to file. Alternatively, they can be saved as an Apache (Geo)Parquet or Feather file, both of which support multiple geometry columns natively.
```

    countries_gdf.to_file("package.gpkg", layer='countries', driver="GPKG")
    cities_gdf.to_file("package.gpkg", layer='cities', driver="GPKG")

**Writing with multiple geometry columns**::

    countries_gdf["country_center"] = countries_gdf["geometry"].centroid
    # countries_gdf.to_file("countries.geojson", driver='GeoJSON') # Fails because GeoJSON can't contain multiple geometry columns
    countries_gdf["country_center"] = countries_gdf["country_center"].to_wkt()
    countries_gdf.to_file("countries.geojson", driver='GeoJSON')

> For multi-layer formats such as geopackage, additional geometry columns can be written to separate layers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For multi-layer formats such as geopackage it is also possible to write additional geometry columns to separate layers, instead of saving as WKT or WKB within a single layer.
```

> For multi-layer formats such as geopackage it is also possible to write additional geometry columns to separate layers, instead of saving as WKT or WKB within a single layer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For multi-layer formats such as GeoPackage, it is possible to write additional geometry columns to separate layers instead of saving them as WKT or WKB within a single layer.
```
